these are the elevators here at the
Hilton Garden Inn in Cupertino
California
it's a Thyssen Dover as you can tell I
should receive the report notes here -
all right so come on up to five
go on down
get Kathy
my gum Bertino California take a look in
the phone box
Dover elevator help link
it's called for we'll get a look at the
shaft
I'm Jaspreet loud motor
you really won't
oh just closing
sitting there my
this one's gonna close
if it's sitting out on that again great
view of the chef's table for care
there's a little piece up here so we'll
go ahead and go down to one and get the
better elevator
this is dopher in the door crack and
these are Kissin Dover's
see
newer dovabear plates that were used
when Dober was being bought out by
kissing up to five
this one is actually a lot quieter same
exact cab also supposed to be a little
bit faster
look at the boombox what do you see
don't wait you don't really see Thyssen
Doozers
and we'll also stop before I get another
look at the shaft in this one should
chime cancelled oh darn it
yes now before five
I'll take this one up to five
you have a feeling this one's gonna
respond quicker than that one
yeah it sounds like that's actually what
I wanted
good good look up the shaft again
sensors you see other one sitting
no I can't tell Dover
don't look oh it's gonna shadow me all
right so go ahead get in its angry whoa
look at that
see
see here you go
seven-minute video don't seat is indoors
optim and